interop examples (#3582)
JetBrains/compose-multiplatform: examples/interop/swiftui-in-compose/README.md

# SwiftUI in Compose

> Example show how to use SwiftUI view in Compose application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use a SwiftUI view in a Compose application.
```
